Consumer transfer process watchdog (#336)
catenax/tractusx: coreservices/partsrelationshipservice/connector/edc-transfer-process-watchdog/README.md

# edc-transfer-process-watchdog

This extension starts a watchdog thread that cleans up long-running transfer processes. Processes in state `IN_PROGRESS` are tracked and moved to state `ERROR` after a timeout expires. This prevents the consumer connector to wait for the results of providers indefinitely, when the provider fails to provide a result.

## Configuration

The watchdog thread can be configured with the following properties:

> * `edc.watchdog.delay`: delay in milliseconds for polling for running transfer processes (default 1s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `edc.watchdog.period.ms`: period in milliseconds for polling for running transfer processes (default 1000).
```

Author: Using seconds and allowing decimal values

> * `edc.watchdog.timeout`: timeout in milliseconds after which processes are cancelled (default 60s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `edc.watchdog.timeout.ms`: timeout in milliseconds after which processes are cancelled (default 60000).
```

Reviewer: maybe change unit for both from milliseconds to seconds?

Author: Using seconds and allowing decimal values

# edc-transfer-process-watchdog

This extension starts a watchdog thread that cleans up long-running transfer processes. Processes in state `IN_PROGRESS` are tracked and moved to state `ERROR` after a timeout expires. This prevents the consumer connector to poll for the results of providers indefinitely, when the provider fails to provide one.

## Configuration

The watchdog thread can be configured with the following properties:

> * `edc.watchdog.period`: period in seconds (decimal values allowed) for polling for running transfer processes with default of 1s.

Author: done

> * `edc.watchdog.timeout`: timeout in seconds (decimal values allowed) after which processes are cancelled with default of 60s.

Reviewer: rename to `edc.watchdog.timeout.s` or `edc.watchdog.timeout.seconds`?
